it happened in the spring of the year at
the time Kings go out to battle but Joab
led out the armed forces and ravaged the
country of the people of ammon
and came and besieged Rabbah but David
stayed at Jerusalem and Joab defeated
rabba and overthrew it then David took
their kings crown from his head and
found it to weigh a talent of gold and
there were precious stones in it and it
was set on David's head also he brought
out the spoil of the city in great
abundance and he brought out the people
who were in it and put them to work with
souls with iron picks and with axes so
David did to all the cities of the
people of ammon then David and all the
people returned to Jerusalem now it
happened afterward that war broke out at
Giza
with the Philistines at which time civic
I the huge fight killed Scipio
who was one of the sons of the giant and
they were subdued again there was war
with the Philistines and el Haman the
son of jaya killed Lommy
the brother of goliath the gittite the
shaft of whose spear was like a Weaver's
beam yet again there was war at Gath
where there was a man of great stature
with 24 fingers and toes 6 on each hand
and 6 on each foot and he also was born
to the Giant so when he defied Israel
Jonathan the son of shamea David's
brother killed him
these were born to the Giant in Gath and
they fell by the hand of David and by
the hand of his servants